---
layout: post
title:  "I am a happy puppy"

date:   2018-4-27 10:45:13 -0400
background: '/img/1.jpg'
---

Hi, y’all,

I am back. I had a really good week and enjoy to go to dog park every day. Today, me and Allan went Wiggle Field park. The time spend with him is really quality and made my little heart so happy. You can see I am always smelling because my heart is joyful! Allan always take off my leash and let me run freely. Ahh, I run really fast because I remember I am a beautiful Australia Shepard also my mama taught me to run fast. Running really made me happy because it reminds me I am a shepherd and my real characters. I know I am a descendant of wolves. Ahh, my grand grand papa and mama, maybe they are wolfs. I really thankful my parents and grand parents, they give me the ability to run fast.

Sometimes, I attracted by squirrels, birds and other small animals. I really hate them and want to eat all of them because they really bother me. Ahh, yes, they bother me a lot! Also, my neighbor who lives downstair really bothers me every time because she always barks me whenever I goes down from second floor to the first floor with Allan. She scared me a lot! Thankfully Allan protects me well and he let me barks her back! Ahh, yes, he is too nice to me.

I dream one day Allan would take me to go to road trip, camping, and chilling on beach. Ahh, I want to fall asleep next to him with bonfires or on mountains or next to oceans ! That’s my dream ahh, truly is a dog’s dream life I tell y’all! But, I, Angel, have a hope in eternal life too because God made me so well and I am so grateful for his goodness and holiness! I am truly blessed because God send Allan into my life to well take care of me!

Ok, it’s time to sleep, bye y’all , I , Angel, will continue write my story and life!

Bless